the quarterfinal action at Thunderball
aims in Ellen Park Michigan Mike
Jakubowski with Hall of Famer Andy
Peterson Brooklyn owns a 2-1 lead and
now he needs a team competition Randy
worth three points yeah whoever wins
this is going to win this match the
loser will be eliminated from this
competition all five players in action
now in our team competition will be led
by Mika coy buemi all five players will
Bowl on their starting lane and then
we'll switch sides for the six through
ten
Mike J I think he brought up a great
point where you were inquiring about the
old pattern I think it's a great point
and you oh my I'm a little familiar with
that you could see it in that shot right
there remember when Mika first when we
first saw him in the doubles competition
he was pretty close to third arrow now
he's about seven eight boards left of
that but again I think it was a great
point you brought up and will this oil
pattern hold up I do believe it will
wicked wiggling players will clean up
their own spares in team and Mika picks
up the spare missed a single pin earlier
in our competition winning team advances
to the semi-finals losing team is out of
the competition Jason sterner owner of
six career PBA regional Tour titles will
Bowl the first on the left lane first
five frames for each team on the same
Lane and then they'll flip-flop and then
we start all over
moved to the pocket fast 8 4 7 huh
me heard Andrew Kane talking about why
he made Parker the anchor bowler for LAX
that's because he gets to finish on this
lane that Jason sterner just went high
on and that's the lane that finishes
this a little bit softer than that right
lane a little bit left a little bit a
little bit more oil left on that left
way look at less reaction that kind of
then that right way that right lanes got
some curve to him it's a spare piece ej
tackett up for Chris Paul's LAX the
2012/13 Harry golden PBA Rookie of the
Year Randy Harry golden a big part of
PBA history Harry the goose golden he
was uh he was my tournament director
while I was on tour for many many years
I've seen EJ make these spares Rani
that's a unique way of going about it
let's take a look at it as tacit will
line up watch the release I mean that
that's the atypical power players
release and motion for throwing the ball
straight and we talked about it with
Sean rash it's you know the the players
break the wrist back they get the ball
into the swing earlier and they just let
go at the bottom of the sling and
end-over-end rotation the ball can't
curve left when it's rotating end over
in and it doesn't have any revolutions
to it
Smallwood drills his strike came out of
this building moved to Wichita won the
2009 FIBA World Championship a strikeout
for didn't miss it
watch the rotation out of Smallwood's
hand he's got a combination of heavy
heavy roll and some axis rotation andres
gomez up for the LAX third frame all
five players initiate strike for Gomes
and Andres has had some trouble
especially on that Lane remember last
time we saw him he left a big split I
was able to convert looks like he moved
in a little bit deeper and that time you
got the ball to kind of roll out and
stop right in front of the one three
pocket
how can up chance to double for Brooklyn
here early in our team competition three
points will determine our winner that's
close Mike how can I leave in the week
ten on the left lane and very unusual
style in that he does not slide he steps
into that last step and it's a lot like
a power players move but Mike Michael
Hagen jr. has made a career throwing the
ball pretty straight oh sorry guys
sorry man open frame and LAX can now
jump on it with another strike and the
man with that chance is Jason Belmonte
bowling in the fourth spot in this five
man team lineup
well there's no secret as to why this
guy was voted PBA Player of the Year and
this is one of the best tricks in the
sport and when he's got that going he's
unbeatable
nobody can laugh six their own get their
ball to hit as hard as Jason Belmonte
and he's extremely accurate doing that
Walter Ray Williams jr. hump for Jesse
Williams Brooklyn Styles open will that
fall well it just doesn't seem fair when
Walter Ray is covering a third of the
boards at Belmont he is and he leaves a
solid 9 pin seven-time PBA Player of the
Year and apparently the pins don't
really care that he's won 7 Player of
the Year awards and back-to-back Player
of the Year awards in the PBA 50 circuit
the greatest of all time now Parker
boned the 3rd with Andrew Kane as the
manager put Parker in the anchor slide
meaning he'll Bowl the 5th and 10th
looking to add on to the Belmonte strike
la has a double on the board looking for
a turkey fifth frame slaps the 7 out
I think in my opinion this is one of the
greatest games that has withstood the
test of time Parker bone the Third's
game doesn't look any different today
than it did 27 28 years ago when he
first came out on tour it's amazing he's
does the deep knee bend that high back
swing and the great fall through and
finished rash does what you want an
eager player to do that's fill the frame
of the strike and there's a lot of
bowling letters five frames will switch
lanes
Jason Belmonte with a big strike in the
fourth taking advantage of the Haugen
miss you will it be enough can LA
advance the PBA League find out next